 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 DISCLAIMER
 THE ORIGIN OF THIS INFORMATION MAY BE INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL TO NOVELL.  NOVELL
MAKES EVERY EFFORT WITHIN ITS MEANS TO VERIFY THIS INFORMATION.  HOWEVER, THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY.  NOVELL
MAKES NO EXPLICIT OR IMPLIED CLAIMS TO THE VALIDITY OF THIS INFORMATION.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------


ISSUE: 

RPL.NLM, TOKEN.RPL, and RBOOT.RPL have been updated with the following 
changes:

 1.  Under rare circumstances BOOTCONF.SYS was left locked open after a
workstation would boot using RPL.   This has been fixed in RPL.NLM.

 2.  If a workstation changed to a locally administered address when loading
IBM's Lan Support Program, the workstation would lose communication with the
file server.  This has been fixed in TOKEN.RPL and RBOOT.RPL.

 3.  On some machines workstations would get the error "Non-System Disk or Disk
error Replace and press any key when ready." when trying to open the image
file.  This has been fixed in TOKEN.RPL and RBOOT.RPL.

 4.  In some cases, when RPL.NLM is bound to the LAN driver using the PS= and
the NODEFAULT parameters, workstations would get the error "RBOOT-RPL-100:
Unable to CONNECT to <SERVERNAME>; RPL HALTED".  This has been fixed in
TOKEN.RPL and RBOOT.RPL.

 5.  Incorporated changes from IBM for TOKEN.RPL to support an additional range
of IRQ's and a 16K page size.


Installation Instructions:

 RPLNLM.DOC:

 RPLNLM.DOC provides instructions on how to install the RPL.NLM server function
and related files on a NetWare v3.x or v4.x File Server:

               RPL.NLM
               RBOOT.RPL
               PCN2L.RPL
               ETHER.RPL
               F1ETH.RPL
               TOKEN.RPL


 RPLCOM.DOC

 RPLCOM.DOC provides instructions on how to install the RPL.COM server function
and related files on a Novell DOS ODI Client:

               RPL.COM
               BOOTNCP.COM
               RBOOT.RPL
               PCN2L.RPL
               ETHER.RPL
               F1ETH.RPL
               TOKEN.RPL


 RPLVP1.DOC

 RPLVP1.DOC provides instructions on how to install the RPL.VP1 server function
and related files on a Novell v2.x File Server or External Router:
(Ethernet_802.2 Virtual drivers)

               RPL.VP1
               RPCONFIG.COM
               RBOOT.RPL
               ETHER.RPL
               F1ETH.RPL
               TOKEN.RPL
               A8022.OBJ
               B8022.OBJ
               C8022.OBJ
               D8022.OBJ
               A8022.LAN
               DCONFIG.EXE


 Solution Specifics:

 The above files allow for RPL "find-found" frames to be communicated between
RPL workstations and Novell servers.  The RPL proms that are supported are
Novell Enhanced Boot Proms and IBM RPL proms.



 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Any trademarks referenced in this document are the property of their
respective owners.  Consult your product manuals for complete trademark
information.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------

