NOVELL TECHNICAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT

TITLE:  VRP386.EXE; VREPAIR.NLM for NetWare v3.1x
README FOR:  VRP386.EXE

NOVELL PRODUCTS and VERSIONS:
NetWare 3.11
NetWare 3.12

ABSTRACT:

This file contains VREPAIR.NLM for NetWare v3.11 & v3.12.  The file checks for
collisions on the network in such a way that speed is significantly increased. 
This version will allow you to purge deleted files, repairs more errors and
fixes a problem with checking extended attributes.


 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 DISCLAIMER
 THE ORIGIN OF THIS INFORMATION MAY BE INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL TO NOVELL.  NOVELL
MAKES EVERY EFFORT WITHIN ITS MEANS TO VERIFY THIS INFORMATION.  HOWEVER, THE
INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY.  NOVELL
MAKES NO EXPLICIT OR IMPLIED CLAIMS TO THE VALIDITY OF THIS INFORMATION.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------


ISSUE: 

Problems Addressed:
 This version of VREPAIR checks for collisions in such a way that speed is
significantly increased. Also, a problem has been fixed in the read ahead code
that could cause a wrong value to be passed to the comparison algorithm if the
read ahead had not completed one request before a second request is passed in.

 This version of VREPAIR WILL ALLOW YOU TO PURGE DELETED FILES FROM THE DRIVE. 
The default option under this new version is to retain all deleted files. 
However, if you wish to purge the deleted files from the disk, choose "SET
VREPAIR OPTIONS" from the VREPAIR main menu.  You will then be shown the
default options at the top of the screen of which one will be "Retain Deleted
Files".  To change this default, simply choose Option 4, "Purge All Deleted
Files".

 WARNING!!!!!  Be aware that after VREPAIR is run with this option all
"SALVAGEABLE" files will be gone.

 This version of VREPAIR enhances the functionality to support correction of
some errors that in the past, vrepair reported as unrepairable.  These are many
of the directory FAT errors.  This version of VREPAIR also fixes a problem
checking extended attributes.


Self-Extracting File Name: vrp386.exe

Files Included     Size     Date      Time

..\
      VRP386.TXT     (This file)
     VREPAIR.NLM           91893         5-23-94      8:23:04 am


Installation Instructions:

To INSTALL this version of VREPAIR.NLM:

 1) Bring up the file server without attempting to mount the bad volume.

 2) Using the diskette that has this version of VREPAIR on it type, at the
console prompt, LOAD A:VREPAIR.

 You can load VREPAIR from the network drive or a C partition, however, it is
recommended that this VREPAIR be loaded from the A drive so as not to confuse
it with the standard VREPAIR already loaded on the system.

 ****Note: The problems you have encountered that required the use of VREPAIR
may have been caused by hard drive and/or disk controller problems and the
necessary steps should be taken to trouble shoot the system.



 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Any trademarks referenced in this document are the property of their
respective owners.  Consult your product manuals for complete trademark
information.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------

