NOVELL TECHNICAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT

TITLE:  Updated 2.2 and 3.x Pserver/Rprinter files
README FOR:  PS3X02.EXE

NOVELL PRODUCTS and VERSIONS:
NetWare 3.12
NetWare 3.11
NetWare 2.2

ABSTRACT:

  This file contains updated NetWare Print Server NLM (3.76, PTF
950523), EXE (3.77), and VAP (1.26) files, as well as an updated
RPRINTER (3.75) file.  The NLM is new for PS3X02.EXE.



-----------------------------------------------------------------
 DISCLAIMER
 THE ORIGIN OF THIS INFORMATION MAY BE INTERNAL OR EXTERNAL TO
NOVELL.  NOVELL
 MAKES EVERY EFFORT WITHIN ITS MEANS TO VERIFY THIS INFORMATION. 
HOWEVER, THE
 INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR YOUR INFORMATION
ONLY.  NOVELL
 MAKES NO EXPLICIT OR IMPLIED CLAIMS TO THE VALIDITY OF THIS
INFORMATION.

-----------------------------------------------------------------


SYMPTOM:

SYMPTOMS for PSERVER.NLM:

 Symptom 1: Large print jobs remain in the queue after they have
printed.  The queue may then become unusable.  The file server
may run out of disk space.  The total size of the print job is
approximately 33 MB or larger (actual print job size x number of
copies specified).

 Symptom 2: PSERVER shows status of "printing" but the RPRINTER
status shows "waiting for job".

 Symptom 3: PSERVER incorrectly shows status of "not connected"
for RPRINTER that is running.

 SYMPTOM for PSERVER.VAP:

 When loading the PSERVER.VAP, the DTR and RTS lines are set high
and maintained high the entire time the VAP is loaded.

 SYMPTOM for RPRINTER.EXE:

 When RPRINTER.EXE v3.75 is loaded, the form feed (or buffer)
indicator at the attached printer lights.  This is true only for
parallel connected printers.


CAUSE

CAUSE for PSERVER.NLM symptom 1:

 The size of the fields used to process the print jobs limited
the print job size to 33 MB.

 CAUSE for PSERVER.NLM symtom 2:

 PSERVER was not checking for SPX error codes.

 CAUSE for PSERVER.NLM symtom 3:

 Under some conditions, the information about one RPRINTER
connection with problems were being attributed to the wrong
connection.

 CAUSE for PSERVER.VAP symptom:

 Serial port control register set wrong.

 CAUSE for RPRINTER.EXE symptom:

 Whatever character that happens to be in the parallel port
transmit buffer is strobed into the printer's receive buffer
during the initialization of RPRINTER.



SOLUTION: 

SOLUTION:

 Apply the files in the PS3X02.EXE self-extracting file.



Self-Extracting File Name: ps3x02.exe

Files Included     Size     Date      Time

..\
      PS3X02.TXT     (This file)
     PSERVER.EXE          109714         2-11-94      2:46:08 pm
     PSERVER.NLM           52662         5-30-95      7:49:16 am
     PSERVER.VAP           65218         6-15-92      2:46:00 pm
    PTCH_HIS.TXT            9244         6-30-95     12:47:16 pm
    RPRINTER.EXE           64532        11-15-93     10:23:16 am
    RPRINTER.HLP            5038          5-4-93     12:39:26 pm


Installation Instructions:

PSERVER.VAP:

 AUTO-LOAD NOTES:

 When running this new PSERVER.VAP on a NetWare 2.2 server, the
VAP will prompt you for the Print Server name the first time the
VAP is loaded.  From that point on the PSERVER.VAP will
acknowledge the Print Server Name until the name is cleared.

 To CLEAR a Print Server Name, the user will simply type the
following at the console prompt on the NetWare 2.2 file server:

 PSERVER CLEARNAME

 This will cause the PSERVER.VAP to prompt the user for a Print
Server Name the next time the PSERVER.VAP is loaded.

 Installation:

 1. Make a backup copy of the PSERVER.VAP file.

 2. Copy the new PSERVER.VAP file over the original version.

 3. To use the new PSERVER VAP, reboot the file server.


 PSERVER.NLM:

 Installation:

 1. Flag PSERVER.NLM as SRW (Sharable Read Write) in the
SYS:SYSTEM directory.

 2. Rename the existing PSERVER.NLM to PSERVER.OLD for backup
purposes.

 3. Copy the new PSERVER.NLM file to the SYS:SYSTEM directory.

 4. Flag the new PSERVER.NLM file to SRO (Sharable Read Only).

 5. To use the new NLM, load PSERVER at the console using the
following syntax:

    :LOAD PSERVER <PRINT SERVER NAME> [POLL=xx] [DELAY=x]

 PSERVER.EXE:

 Installation:

 1. Flag PSERVER.EXE as SRW (Sharable Read Write) in the
SYS:PUBLIC directory.

 2. Rename the existing PSERVER.EXE to PSERVER.OLD for backup
purposes.

 3. Copy the new PSERVER.EXE to the SYS:PUBLIC directory.

 4. Flag the new PSERVER.EXE to SRO (Sharable Read Only).


 RPRINTER.EXE

 Installation:

 1. Flag RPRINTER.EXE file as SRW (Sharable Read Write) in the
PUBLIC directory.

 2. Rename RPRINTER.EXE file to RPRINTER.OLD in the PUBLIC
directory for backup purposes.

 3. Copy RPRINTER.EXE file to the PUBLIC directory on your
system.

 4. Flag the new copy of RPRINTER.EXE file back to SRO (Sharable
Read-Only).



-----------------------------------------------------------------
 Any trademarks referenced in this document are the property of
their
 respective owners.  Consult your product manuals for complete
trademark
 information.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

